Flutter code style documentation. (#1404)
acterglobal/a3: docs/content/docs/contributing/flutter-code-style-guide.md

The primary goal of these style guidelines is to improve code readability so that everyone, whether reading the code for the first time or maintaining it for years, can quickly determine what the code does. Secondary goals are to design systems that are simple, to increase the likelihood of catching bugs quickly, and avoiding arguments when there are disagreements over subjective matters.

That document is focused more about Flutter conventions.

### App Theme
Use theme classes for the generalise theme of the different components and avoid styling at the component level until and unless it is required.

**Key things to note:**
- Colors may not be hardcoded in the code, but should be pulled from the AppTheme.
- Avoid component level styling

Reference: https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook/design/themes

**Buttons Guide:**

Primary Button
```
 ElevatedButton(
     onPressed: () {},
    child: ...,
),
```

Secondary Button
```
 OutlinedButton(
     onPressed: () {},
    child: ...,
),
```

### Code structure
There are few basis standard we would like to follow in futter code.

**1. General Guide**
- General try-catches (rather use AsyncValues)

> - Router for state management

Reviewer: can you elaborate on these? I am not sure I understand them...

**1. Scaffold usage**

> Every parent page should use Scaffold widget to structure entire screen layout.

Reviewer: I think we agreed to do that differently because of routing. This only applies to _full screen_-pages (which we have a smaller number of).

Author: Yes true, no worries. I will remove this point as this is not applicable in most of the pages in our app.

**2. Scrolling usage**
- Use `SingleChildScrollView` in all the general use cases where need widgets need to be scrollable
- Use `CustomScrollView` with its `Slivers` when complex scrolling behavior is required

**3. Avoid code nesting**
- Use module approach of widget layout and avoid huge nesting in code

> - Create sperate `methods` or `class` for common widgets

Reviewer: I think examples would be useful. And we said that the rule of thumb is to reduce large nesting and reduce complexity...

**4. State management with Riverpod**
- Avoid unneccesary usage of provider where things can be handle without it

> - Use appropriate River proivder type based on the use-case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use appropriate Riverpod provider type based on the use-case
```

- Avoiding `requireValue` and `ref.watch(clientProvider)!`
- Proper dependency management (ref.watch rather than ref.read(someProvider.notifier).someFunction())`)

**5. Naming Convention**
- Use Names That Are Detailed and Clear
- Observe the Dart Package Naming Guidelines
- File names should contain singular nouns.
- File Names with Prefixes for Related Components

> - Keep consistency and reuse in mind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep consistency and reuse in mind
  e.g. `ThingDetailsPage` and `ThingListItem` are common practice.
```
